docs: add documentation for keep_firing_for and Recovering state (#103412)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/fundamentals/alert-rule-evaluation/_index.md

- [Evaluation group](#evaluation-group): how frequently the alert rule is evaluated.
- [Pending period](#pending-period): how long the condition must be met to start firing.

> {{< figure src="/media/docs/alerting/alert-rule-evaluation-2.png" max-width="750px" alt="Set the evaluation behavior of the alert rule in Grafana." caption="Set alert rule evaluation" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/alerting/alert-state-diagram2.png" max-width="750px" alt="Set the evaluation behavior of the alert rule in Grafana." caption="Set alert rule evaluation" >}}
```

Reviewer: Updated diagram

You can also set the pending period to zero to skip it and have the alert fire immediately once the condition is met.

## Keep firing for

> You can set a period to keep an alert firing after the threshold is no longer breached. This sets the alert to a Recovering state. In a Recovering state, the alert won't fire again if the threshold is breached and the threshold timer is reset.

Reviewer: Unsure what the "threshold timer" refers here. Here's a suggestion:

In a Recovering state, the alert won’t fire again if the threshold is breached—the Keep firing timer is reset and the alert transitions back to Alerting state.
